postalias: add page (#9410)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/postalias.md

# postalias

> > Creates or updates postfix alias databses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Create or update postfix alias databases.
```

> More information: <https://manned.org/postalias>.

> - Config dir read the main configuration file in the named directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [c]onfig dir read the main configuration file in the named directory:
```

Optional fix: mnemonic can be used.

> `postalias -c `

Reviewer: The manned.org says there's a `config_dir`.
```suggestion
`postalias -c  {{path/to/config_dir}}`
```

> - Do not fold the lookup key to lower case while creating a query table:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do not [f]old the lookup key to lower case while creating a query table:
```

The same issue as above.

`postalias -f`

> - Search the specified maps for key and remove one entry per map:
> 
> `postalias -d {{key}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Search specific maps for key and [d]elete one entry per map:

`postalias -d "{{key}}"`
```

Optional fix: `specific` may sound better.
Note: we are discarding anything expect `specific` slowly.
Optional fix: mnemonic can be used.
Optional fix: placeholder can be quoted if it can contain special characters to POSIX-compatible shell.

> - Incremental mode - do not rebuild the database from scratch:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [i]ncremental mode - do not rebuild the database from scratch:
```

Almost the same issue as above.

`postalias -i`

> - Do not include the terminating null character that terminates lookup keys and values in the database:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do [N]ot include the terminating null character that terminates lookup keys and values in the database:
```

The same issue as above.
